---
layout: post
title: Hi I'm Jeff
---

Welcome to the Leek group website. My group is organized around three major problems

1. __Public health genomics__ - we have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on generating genomic data sets. We work on organizing and curating these genomic data, overcoming technical biases, and assessing how they can be used for public health. 
2. __Evidence based data analysis__ - data analysis is still as much an art as it is a science. We are working on developing a formal theoretical framework and performing experiments to understand how data analysis can be improved. 
3. __Meta-research__ - is most published research false? do most studies fail to replicate? We work on applying rigorous statistical prinicples to analyze these questions. 

I work on [statistical research](/papers), write [data analysis software](/software), [curate and create data sets](/data), write a [blog about statistics](http://simplystatistics.org), teach [people here at Hopkins](/teaching), teach [a lot of people online](https://www.coursera.org/specialization/jhudatascience/1), and work with [amazing students](/people) who go [do awesome things](/alumni). If you want to, come [do stuff with me](/jobs)

If you want to keep up with everything we are working on, follow me on Twitter [@jtleek](http://twitter.com/jtleek). The best way to contact me is my gmail account (I do not check my JHU email at all), or you can call me at my office __410-955-1166__ (fair warning I have answered that phone ~3 times total since 2009), send me a fax __410-955-0958__ (for real, fax is still a thing?!), or if you still use the pony express you could send me a letter at:

Johns Hopkins University </br>
Bloomberg School of Public Health</br> 
Office E3624 </br>
615 North Wolfe Street </br> 
Baltimore, MD 21205-2179 </br>



